yeah what's up folks so um Nicki Minaj
just dropped a new video I figured I'd
go ahead and talk about this bullshit
for a moment basically I put okay that's
what I do this is a guide for all y'all
they want to watch you know these kind
of videos put this shit on mute and just
watch the ass and it's it's not that bad
if you put on mute and just look for ass
then you know that's cool her makeup is
mad weird in this video but other than
that the song is hot garbage 2 Chainz is
trash
I bit B B's and it trapped like come on
man I should have asked she does matter
corny even yeah you know it's funny
about this whole situation like even her
hardcore crazy retarded fanbase even
said that this new album was garbage the
shit that I've been saying for the past
couple years they're starting to set so
yeah at the end of the day it was trash
the beat was trashed she's garbage she's
um crossover into some homosexual
rapping I don't know what you call it
pop mixed with gay 2 Chainz
he's complete trash but yeah if you put
the shit on mute you can actually
tolerate it a little bit because there's
a lot of ass in the video and if you if
you're a fan like me of big fat asses
it's not so bad so go over there do you
want to watch them I put the link in the
description put that bitch on mute and
just watch the ass chicken and it's then
it's kind of entertaining other than
that I don't know what to tell y'all I
know there's gonna be a lot of hate
comments if you made this far in the
video go ahead and thumbs it up you dig
follow me on Twitter and the Twitter is
a grind zone you got any beef hit me up
on there cuz I will address it and
that's about it man she I mean dinner
today she's not ugly she looks good but
she is downgraded and crossed over into
mainstream
in is complete trash and two trains is
been trashed so just about it how about
y'all later peace out Shalom